README.md, before:

-# EmbassyOS
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Start9Labs/embassy-os?color=success)](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/releases)
[![community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-matrix-yellow)](https://matrix.to/#/#community:matrix.start9labs.com)
[![community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-telegram-informational)](https://t.me/start9_labs)
[![support](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-docs-important)](https://docs.start9labs.com)
[![developer](https://img.shields.io/badge/developer-matrix-blueviolet)](https://matrix.to/#/#community-dev:matrix.start9labs.com)
[![website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=lightgrey&down_message=offline&up_color=green&up_message=online&url=https%3A%2F%2Fstart9labs.com)](https://start9labs.com)

[![mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/000000001?domain=https%3A%2F%2Fmastodon.start9labs.com&label=Follow&style=social)](http://mastodon.start9labs.com)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/start9labs?label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/start9labs)

### _Anyone can do it. No one can stop it._ ###

EmbassyOS is a mass-market, graphical operating system designed to facilitate the discovery, installation, configuration, private self-hosting, and reliable operation of open-source software services and applications. It aims to eliminate trust and custodianship from personal computing.

<img src="assets/eos.png" width="100%">

## :warning: Caution
Some technologies supported by this software, such as [Lightning](https://lightning.network/), are considered in active development and might experience issues. Do not commit any funds you are not willing to lose. Be #reckless at your own risk. 

## Running EmbassyOS
There are multiple ways to obtain and begin using EmbassyOS.

### :moneybag: Buy an Embassy
This is the most convenient option. Simply [buy an Embassy](https://start9labs.com) from Start9 Labs and plug it in. Depending on where you live, shipping costs and import duties may vary.

### :construction_worker: Build your own Embassy
While not as convenient as buying an Embassy, this option is easier than you might imagine, and there are 4 reasons why you might prefer it:
1. You already have a Raspberry Pi and would like to re-purpose it.
1. You want to save on shipping costs.
1. You prefer not to divulge your physical shipping address.
1. You just like building things.

To pursue this option, follow this [guide](https://docs.start9labs.com/getting-started/diy.html).

### :hammer_and_wrench: Build EmbassyOS from Source

EmbassyOS can be built from source, for personal use, for free.
A detailed guide for doing so can be found [here](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/blob/master/BuildGuide.md).

## :heart: Contributing
To contribute to the development of EmbassyOS, see [here](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## UI Screenshots
<img src="assets/ServicesRunning.png" alt="Embassy Services" width="100%"> | <img src="assets/ServiceDetails.png" alt="Service Details" width="100%">
--- | ---
<img src="assets/Embassy.png" alt="EmbassyOS" width="100%"> | <img src="assets/Marketplace.png" alt="Marketplace" width="100%">

Commit message:

030 readme update (#739)
* 030 readme update

* cut it down

* no lightning warning

* contribute at the top

Co-authored-by: Drew Ansbacher <drew.ansbacher@spiredigital.com>

README.md, after:

-# EmbassyOS
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Start9Labs/embassy-os?color=success)](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/releases)
[![community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-matrix-yellow)](https://matrix.to/#/#community:matrix.start9labs.com)
[![community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-telegram-informational)](https://t.me/start9_labs)
[![support](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-docs-important)](https://docs.start9labs.com)
[![developer](https://img.shields.io/badge/developer-matrix-blueviolet)](https://matrix.to/#/#community-dev:matrix.start9labs.com)
[![website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=lightgrey&down_message=offline&up_color=green&up_message=online&url=https%3A%2F%2Fstart9labs.com)](https://start9labs.com)

[![mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/000000001?domain=https%3A%2F%2Fmastodon.start9labs.com&label=Follow&style=social)](http://mastodon.start9labs.com)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/start9labs?label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/start9labs)

### _A personal server for everyone._ ###

EmbassyOS is an open-source operating system designed to empower anyone at any technical skill level to self-host.

## Running EmbassyOS
There are multiple ways to obtain and begin using EmbassyOS.

## :heart: Contributing
To contribute to the development of EmbassyOS, see [here](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### :moneybag: Buy an Embassy
This is the most convenient option. Simply [buy an Embassy](https://start9labs.com) from Start9 Labs and plug it in. Depending on where you live, shipping costs and import duties may vary.

### :construction_worker: Build your own Embassy
While not as convenient as buying an Embassy, this option is easier than you might imagine, and there are 4 reasons why you might prefer it:
1. You already have a Raspberry Pi and would like to re-purpose it.
1. You want to save on shipping costs.
1. You prefer not to divulge your physical shipping address.
1. You just like building things.

To pursue this option, follow this [guide](https://docs.start9labs.com/getting-started/diy.html).

### :hammer_and_wrench: Build EmbassyOS from Source

EmbassyOS can be built from source, for personal use, for free.
A detailed guide for doing so can be found [here](https://github.com/Start9Labs/embassy-os/blob/master/BuildGuide.md).

## UI Screenshots
<img src="assets/EmbassyOS.png" alt="Embassy Services" width="100%">
