.github/workflows/README.md, before:

# This folder contains GitHub Actions workflows for building the project

## backend-pr
Runs: when a pull request targets the master branch and changes the libs/ and/or backend/ folders

This workflow uses the actions docker/setup-qemu-action@v1 and docker/setup-buildx-action@v1 to prepare the environment for aarch64 cross complilation using docker buildx.
A matrix-strategy has been used for building the v8 snapshot instead of the makefile to allow parallel job execution.

## frontend-pr
Runs: when a pull request targets the master branch and changes the frontend/ folder

This workflow builds the frontends.

## product
Runs: when a change to the master branch is made

This workflow builds everything, re-using the backend-pr and frontend-pr workflows.
The download and extraction order of artifacts is relevant to `make`, as it checks the file timestamps to decide which targets need to be executed.

Result: eos.img

## a note on uploading artifacts

Artifacts are used to share data between jobs. File permissions are not maintained during artifact upload. Where file permissions are relevant, the workaround using tar has been used. See (here)[https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact#maintaining-file-permissions-and-case-sensitive-files].

Commit message:

add x86 build and run unittests to backend pipeline (#1682)
* add build backend for x86_64

* remove unnecessary build steps

* install backend dependency

* build and run backend unittest

* fix cache key

* buildx is required, qemu is not.

* Add missing steps from Makefile

* fix build_command var is unused

* select more common test env

* update pipeline names and docs

* use variable for node version

* use correct artifact name

* update pipeline references

* skip unittest that needs ca-cert installed

* correct pipeline name

* use nextest pre-built binary; add term color

* fix cache permissions warning

* update documentation

.github/workflows/README.md, after:

# This folder contains GitHub Actions workflows for building the project

## backend
Runs: manually (on: workflow_dispatch) or called by product-pipeline (on: workflow_call)

This workflow uses the actions and docker/setup-buildx-action@v1 to prepare the environment for aarch64 cross complilation using docker buildx.
When execution of aarch64 containers is required the action docker/setup-qemu-action@v1 is added.
A matrix-strategy has been used to build for both x86_64 and aarch64 platforms in parallel.

### Running unittests

Unittests are run using [cargo-nextest]( https://nexte.st/). First the sources are (cross-)compiled and archived. The archive is then run on the correct platform.

## frontend
Runs: manually (on: workflow_dispatch) or called by product-pipeline (on: workflow_call)

This workflow builds the frontends.

## product
Runs: when a pull request targets the master or next branch and when a change to the master or next branch is made

This workflow builds everything, re-using the backend and frontend workflows.
The download and extraction order of artifacts is relevant to `make`, as it checks the file timestamps to decide which targets need to be executed.

Result: eos.img

## a note on uploading artifacts

Artifacts are used to share data between jobs. File permissions are not maintained during artifact upload. Where file permissions are relevant, the workaround using tar has been used. See (here)[https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact#maintaining-file-permissions-and-case-sensitive-files].
